that sounds good I'll go spread the word
huh my car got soaped where was a blast
night it's Gabe so he's got a partner
now huh
Hey Oh Gabe Lauren stopped by she wants
you to come over oh okay wait um she
said that she wants to talk to you about
your relationship
hmm okay come sit with your sister we
need to talk all right
he said slightly creeped out do you know
what it means when a girl says that she
wants to talk to you about the
relationship that she wants to talk
about the relationship Oh girls never
say what they mean so are you saying
what you mean right now
yeah listen to me okay most of the time
when a girl says that she wants to talk
about the relationship it means well
that she doesn't want it to continue you
mean she's gonna dump me I kind of think
so oh man
I thought everything was going great
well guys always think that can't
believe I finally get a girlfriend now
she's gonna dump me I mean I could be
wrong
Oh somebody who's been dumped as many
times as you knows the drill
you believe this look I know it's hard
but what is having a girlfriend even
mean at your age all you guys do is go
to the movies and play video games
great so I'm devastated and my
relationship was meaningless come here I
know it hurts do you want to cry I
didn't until you started hugging me
welcome everybody to the first-ever
meeting of the Edgewood Drive
neighborhood watch objection I think it
should be called